feat: fixed grammar/formatting of entire document (#35392)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/css/before-selector/index.md

}

span.comment::before {
  content: "Comment: ";
  color: blue;
}
```

```html
<p> To infinity and beyond</p>
<p> I am Buzz Lightyear, I come in peace.</p>

<span class="comment"> May the force be with you</span>
<br/>
<span> Do, or do not. There is no try.</span>

```

In the example above we are prepending a grey border before every paragraph element on a page and we are also prepending the word "Comment: " in blue before every `span` element with the class name `comment`.

> You can check out this demo here https://jsfiddle.net/kxrdswtm/

## Definition and Usage
`::before` is one of the CSS pseudo-elements selectors, which are used to style specified parts of an element. In this case, we can insert content before some HTML element from CSS. Although we will see the content in the page, it is not part of the Document Object Model (DOM), which means that we cannot manipulate it from JavaScript.

```css
p::before {
  content: "Hello, ";
}
```

```html
<p>World!</p>
```

This will display `Hello, World!` on the page.

String, images, counters, or even an empty string ("", useful for `clearfix`) can be inserted into the `content` attribute.  HTML cannot be inserted.

> [See A Whole Bunch of Amazing Stuff Pseudo Elements Can Do!](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_pseudo_elements.asp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See A Whole Bunch of Amazing Stuff Pseudo Elements Can Do!](https://css-tricks.com/pseudo-element-roundup/)
```
I feel this is better and shows more variety

Author: I find both of those links to be valid.  My goal was not really to modify the content so much as clean everything up - if you'd like to submit a pull request to change that link please feel free!
